[Docs] Update GORM Docs to reflect the latest changes in the Gorm orm-examples application (#21900)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/preview/drivers-orms/orms/go/ysql-gorm.md

```sh
$ git clone https://github.com/YugabyteDB-Samples/orm-examples.git
```
## Set up the application and install dependencies

Initialize Go within the project:

```sh
cd golang/gorm
go mod init gorm-example
```

Download the included packages and dependencies:

```sh
go mod tidy
```

## Build and run the application

Create the `ysql_gorm` database in YugabyteDB by running the following `ysqlsh` command from the YugabyteDB home directory.

```sh
$ ./bin/ysqlsh -c "CREATE DATABASE ysql_gorm"
```

> Build and start the REST API server by running the following shell script. The application uses `yugabytedb/pgx` driver, so load balance feature is enabled.
> 
> Note: To use the upstream driver replace `github.com/yugabyte/gorm-yugabytedb` with `gorm.io/driver/postgres` in the application code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Build and start the REST API server by running the following shell script. The application uses the YugabyteDB smart driver for Go (`yugabytedb/pgx`), which provides the connection load balancing feature.

Note: The application also works with the upstream Go driver (`jackc/pgx`). To use it, simply replace `github.com/yugabyte/gorm-yugabytedb` with `gorm.io/driver/postgres` in the application code.
```

Reviewer 2: Build and start the REST API server by running the following shell script. The application uses the [YugabyteDB smart driver for Go](../../../go/yb-pgx/), which provides the connection load balancing feature.

Note: The application also works with the upstream Go driver (`jackc/pgx`). To use it, replace `github.com/yugabyte/gorm-yugabytedb` with `gorm.io/driver/postgres` in the application code.

```sh
$ curl \

>   --data '{ "userId": 2, "products": [ { "productId": 1, "units": 2 } ] }' \

Reviewer 2: @Sfurti-yb - can you clarify ?

>   --data '{ "userId": 2, "products": [ { "productId": 1, "units": 2 } ] }' \

Author: @ddhodge it could be, we will have to test the individual applications to check if this fix is needed for any of them

>   --data '{ "userId": 2, "products": [ { "productId": 1, "units": 2 } ] }' \

Reviewer 3: Oh, wouldn't all the examples regardless of driver use the same REST syntax?

>   --data '{ "userId": 2, "products": [ { "productId": 1, "units": 2 } ] }' \

Author: From what I understand, each ORM has a different way of parsing the message body, and some might not throw an error in this case. This needs to be verified with the individual ORM application to check how message bodies are being handled internally. Maybe create a ticket to verify this behaviour
